roll
What did the doctor say?
Now you really care what the doctor says
Do you care about my health?
You're just trying to satisfy your desire for control
As for what the answer is
You don't care at all
Turn your head around
Look at me.
I don't want to say it again.
I cried and felt wronged.
Let's get a divorce.
Can you say that again?
Good idea.
You get out
Live outside for half a month and then come back
I'll sign a marriage agreement with you, wait a minute
Quit
Pack up
You eat all over
I bought everything I wear and drink
Why did you take it away?
Enough go
roll
Now you give me half a month.
What are you trying to prove?
Prove that you can't live without me?
Yes!
I've always been pinched by you
How could I possibly escape from your grasp?